Fixes #10041 - Add Get-SecureRandom (#10050)
MicrosoftDocs/PowerShell-Docs: reference/7.4/Microsoft.PowerShell.Utility/Get-Random.md

> when trying to reproduce behavior, such as when debugging or analyzing a script that includes
> `Get-Random` commands. Be aware that the seed value could be set by other code in the same
> session, such as an imported module.
>

> > For a secure option, use [Get-SecureRandom](Get-SecureRandom.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> `Get-Random` does not ensure cryptographically secure randomness and it is recommended to use [Get-SecureRandom](Get-SecureRandom.md) instead.
```
